I'm looking up, so hurry up and take it.
It's too bright, so hurry up and take it.
What? Can I take more from my side?
Well, I took two.
Are you the next-generation old lady?
I just came from the Tohno Island.
You're so funny, so I'll buy it.
This is 7,000 yen, this is 8,000 yen. It's cheap.
Buy five.
Hey, hey, bring five next to me.
I'm looking up, so hurry up and bring it.
You're so funny, you're using it for people.
What? Are you an old man?
I'm from the Tohno Island. I'll buy it.
I'll buy it all.
What?
I'll buy the smaller one.
Oh, I sold it over there.
Come on, take it.
Oh, it's a bonus.
Hey, it's a bonus discount.
I'll buy it all, so hurry up and buy it.
Oh, oh, oh, everyone's sold out.
It's sold out.
You can't be boring.
Is it okay?
It's not okay.
I'll buy you something cheaper again, so bring it.
Do you know the kanji?
There were a few.
So 7,000 yen is 8,000 yen in Tohno, 1 yen and 50 yen in Tohno.
There's no doubt.
Oh, I see.
I should put it in this wallet.
This is lighter.
Hey, thank you.
I didn't say anything.
What's wrong?
Don't say anything weird.
Uncle, I'm back.
Are you back already?
I have to sell it by the evening.
Did it sell?
How many did you sell?
Everyone sold out.
Look, the basket is empty.
Oh, oh, great, great.
I'm impressed.
Come on, come on, give me the money.
I'll give you the wallet.
Oh, oh, 1 yen and 50 yen.
What happened to the market?
What do you mean the market?
No, I saw it from above, what to do.
I saw it.
What did you see?
When I looked at it too much, I had a headache.
Ah, the weather was fine, so I got a fever in my throat.
What?
If you said you wanted to see the sky, were you looking at the sky?
Oh, you idiot!
You're an idiot, you're an idiot, you're an idiot.
I'm a man.
Ah, then it's the Suda City Hall.
I'm not listening to the telegram.
I'm not asking for a low salary.
I refused to pay 7,000 or 8,000.
If you want to sleep, you can sleep at home.
I'm comfortable with that.
8,000 is 10,000.
7,000 is 9,000.
I'm not asking for a high salary.
I'm not asking for a low salary.
I'm asking for a good wife.
I'm not asking for a good wife.
I'll give you 2,000.
You can go to the shop.
You can sell 10,000 to 9,000.
I can't write unnecessary things.
Go!
I'm surprised.
I'll go to the shop again.
Hey, you brought donuts again.
I can't eat donuts.
But it's a cheap name.
I'll buy 8,000.
8,000 is 10,000.
7,000 is 9,000.
I'm shocked.
8,000 is 10,000.
It's a profit.
And a loss.
I didn't know that.
I thought you'd do something weird.
But you were looking up in the sky?
I'm sorry, but I'm just asking.
How old are you?
60.
I'm about 20.
I can't write unnecessary things.